well idea there enough people let's bow
again so tonight we're going to talk
about party loyalty and why the
Republicans lost in Louisiana a red
state a deep red state because they
shouldn't have that's not how that
should have gone down not at all in that
initial election 52 percent of people
vote a Republican 47% Democrat nobody
got a majority though so they went ahead
and had another election and the
Democrat won
does that mean that a whole bunch of
Republicans decided to vote for a
Democrat no it means that some loyal
Republicans still have morals they're
still true to their values that's what
it means
no that's hard to believe and given all
the news coverage lately but that's what
it means if your party doesn't have
enough loyalty to you to give you a
candidate worthy of your vote you're
under no obligation to vote for them
doesn't mean that you have to change
parties doesn't mean you have to vote
for a Democrat just means you stay home
that's what happened to Louisiana and
2020 Republicans should remember this
they really should if the party gives
you a candidate you can't cosign don't
don't you don't have to leave the party
you just have to stay home abstain the
candidates the politicians you support
they do it all the time they don't want
to vote on a bill they just don't nobody
says they're on America they just play
that guilt trip on you to get you to
stick to your party loyalty you don't
cosign evil out of tradition you don't
undermine the Constitution because it's
your party consider for a second that
trumps a Democrat you still back his
actions of course not
of course not and right now somebody
saying well Democrats are just as bad
okay so they're the same why do you have
party loyalties one that doesn't make
any sense doesn't make any sense if
that's the case there's no reason to
have any loyalty to any party you just
vote for the candidate which is kind of
how it's supposed to be voting isn't
just mere words on social media not
defending your side to get Internet
debate points voting when you vote for
someone you become morally responsible
you become complicit in everything they
do and in the case of an incumbent
everything they did you vote for Trump
past present and future
Trump is you you own them you co-signed
it you said this is all okay given the
option would you vote in favor of
throwing kids in cages in those
conditions with that much abuse if you
don't know what I'm talking about you
need to look it up the answer's no
you're human you wouldn't vote for that
but if you vote for Trump you're
co-signing it yeah that's okay would you
vote in favor of selling out our allies
undermining the US military ability to
recruit indigenous partners all over the
world no of course not but if you vote
for Trump you're co-signing that because
that's what he did you vote to weaken
our trade position would you vote to
deregulate and get rid of the
environmental protections that protect
your kids so his buddies can make some
money of course not
he wouldn't vote for that would you vote
to deny aid to Americans but offer it to
Russia of course not but if you vote for
Trump
that's what you're doing because that's
what he did that's what he'll continue
to do
you don't have to vote to make your
voice heard and you don't cosign evil
simply because it infiltrated your party
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night